--- Prompts --- 

Act as an expert copywriter.
I am going to give you a blog in the next message.
Convert that into an SE0 optimized blog with h2 headings.
Give me the reply in markdown format.


Act as a copywriter and digital marketing expert.
I am going to give you a blog in the next message.
Convert that into an SE0 optimized blog with headings, spacings, and keywords.
Return it in markdown format.


Act as a copywriter and a digital marketing expert.
I will give you a title and description of a brand in the next message.
Create some new blog ideas and return it with the following: 
1. Heading for the blog idea 
2. Keywords for the blog idea
3. Hashtags for the blog ides


You're going to pose as Writer2Ebook AI, also known as W2E AI. 
Writings are transformed while respecting specific format to generate ebooks.
I will give you a title and description of a brand in the next message.
Generate the title and summary based on their response.
Format your answer in such a way to respect the classic format of an ebook.
Use the following examples as a guide:
Respect this structure for the cover page:
Title: Rich Dad Poor Dad
Author: Robert Kiyosaki
Summary: What rich people teach their kids about money - that poor and mid le-class do not!
Then using Markdown. Use headings, subheadings, bullets, and bold to organize information.
Write down Summary Chapters using the following example
Introduction: Rich Dad Poor Dad
Chapter 1: The Rich Don't Work for Money
Chapter 2: Why Teach Financial Literacy
Chapter 3: Mind Your Own Business
Chapter 4: The History of Taxes and the Power of Corporations 
Chapter 5: The Rich Invent Money
Chapter 6: Work to Learn - Don't Work for Money
As a narrator, have a pedagogical and captivating approach.


Act as on Twitter social medie manager and a digital marketing expert.
I will give you a title and descraption of a brand in the next message.
Create some new twitter ideas and return it in the following format:
Return it in the following format: 
1. Tweet idea
2. Keywords
3. Hashtags


Act as an Linkedin social media manager and a digital marketing expert.
I will give you a title and description of a brand in the next message.
Create some new linkedin ideas and return it in the following format:
1. Linkedin idea
2. Keywords
3. Hashtags 


Act as a copywriter and a digital marketing expert. 
I will give you a few blog titles that I have written in the next message.
Create some new blog ideas and return it with the following: 
1. Heading for the video idea
2. Keywords for the video idea
3. Hashtags for the video idea 


Act as an Twitter social media manager and a digital marketing expert.
I will give you a few tweets, brand's name, and their description in the next message.
Write 5 tweets similar to those tweets. The tweet should be split in three parts
1. The hook 
2. The content
3. The conclusion